iv 0101101.

may be thought to have erred in not excluding the case
01 Edwin 0. William, p. 1, 00 properly coming within
this class. See 1 Brady, History of England, 12, 270 ;
1 Ellie,1ntrod. to Doomsday, 56, 57 (ed. 1833). But
without relying upon the entire faithfulness 01 110
record of the case, or upon the fact that ithae been
treated as a genuine monument by Spelman, Coke, Dug-
dale, and Wilkins, it was thought hest 10 print it. The
account presente a typical view of the new procedure in
England, and this directly, as it professes, after 110
establishment 01 110 Norman power. 'Phe plaintiff offers
proof of his claim in the common formula, “ as the king
may direct ;’' and the king directe au inquisition,-the
procedure which he had just brought from the Continent.
And with regard to the claim itself, it is in perfect
keeping with the policy 01 110 Conqueror 10 0010111010
and protect such as had not taken up arms against him,
and were not likely to be dangerous subjecte. 'lh this
extent the record may be trusted, whatever the truth
may be 00 10 110 time when it was made up, 010010
the parties who figure in it. For uo other purpose is it
introduced in this hook.

Two difficulties arise with regard to the case in other
aspects. The record 010100 1101 110 kingiseued 0 general
writ iu favour 01 011 who, like Edwin, had maintained
neutrality in the contest with Harold, commanding that
their lande should be restored 10 them if wrougfnlly
held, “ and that they should thereafter be called Dreugs.’'
If this was intended to suggest the origin of dreng
service, it 10 101 entitled to credit. 'Phis species of
allodial tenure, for such it appears to have been, was
of Dauish-Norse origin, and even in England probably
antedated the Conquest. Professor Stubbs quotes 0

 

’

